hey welcome back to let's play super
paper mario okay you remember before
when i try to do a Scottish accent 40
chunks before but that ain't right the
learners gonna call my voice to her my
throat hurt
yeah we know your name is al Johnson
what you're trying to do you'd you're
not holding a Pacific pose dude you like
about to punch yourself in the back of
the head and pointing to the sky
and Mitch wow you are a dumbass aren't
you your mom Yvonne Rocksteady and bebop
the Ninja Turtles
this album is full is you want to tell
the plan you don't do like that
Roxton and be bought with a net stoop ok
I think about yeah they are scarier man
you know I ain't wasting my time
investigating this dumbass I refuse
deliver to beat another ages huh ok this
is how you beat this idiot you use the
row on hey throw him down and then maybe
days for a while you jump on his head
that's all you doing so let's give it a
good old chunking whoa
whoa no you know and I'm not gonna take
damage from your chunk that's good okay
I'm a strange man you kind of Miss drawn
here name's Mario not Maria do I look
like a female even Mario says no
and tip is getting pissed off his name's
not Maria it's Mario hey you still get
it wrong you jackass you call it a draw
but I clearly beat your ass you know um
you escaped by farting honestly no the
hell I don't let's finish this stage
please
that's like I had my share of listing ah
damn got frozen again I don't am I level
up right now alright let's head over
here okay see what's over here
hmm there's a mysterious blue platform
ok you can tell that's the end of the
level must somehow I'm not doing
something right so let's just head back
for now all right to the next platform
to the next to the next and we go into
here so this is
okay whatever that made no sense let's
head back to that in I kind of want out
of this stage now
point
okay a coordinate sign is tomo left
three times for some weird reason and
they did absolutely nothing for me
okay that didn't work that didn't work
okay i guess i don't know i should have
just ignored that crap and what to do
what to do hey thank you know what okay
i'm back and i figured i was supposed to
do now Oh press one and own minus circle
I mean button down hey you activate this
naka finish the stage yay
and that was chapter one part 3 okay
stay tuned next time we go to chapter 31
on the chapter 1 part 4 see you guys
then